in him
excy
five of six minutes joão paulo cruzou
from Brazil
he knew
since in the first phase the bolivia passed when chicão arrived trying
to save
and by means of the goal of chicão chicão touch the ball before it enters to the
game the saints opened the score in pacaembu sep he finds shadow
Jorge Henrique tried to cross first and even said a word
about the game
bush
four minutes
the launch account
for you will understand
paulo andré deflected the ball and grabbed the crossbar.
it was waited until the ps reveals
pushed the ball into the goal
all the same
jorge henrique on the ball makes rehearsed play of commedia sírias vai
to solve the right side he put the ball andré in the middle the ball touched arrived
surrounded the entire block
turned the game into pacaembu
and it was a beautiful play rehearsed practice move
the corinthians and turned the game
spacey
the gifts